Migrate Wiki content to Github Workflow (#135)
nimblehq/elixir-templates: .github/wiki/Testing.md

> NimbleTemplate uses Github Action as the CI, the workflow files locate under [.github/workflows/](https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/tree/develop/.github/workflows) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NimbleTemplate uses Github Actions as the CI, the workflow files are located under the [.github/workflows/](https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/tree/develop/.github/workflows) directory.
```

> There are 2 types of test **Template test** and **Variant test**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 types of tests, **Template tests** and **Variant tests**
```

### 1/ Template test

All test files are located under `test/` directory.

```
.
├── ...
├── test
│   ├── ...
│   ├── nimble_template
│   │   └── addons
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   ├── common_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   └── variants
│   │   │   │   └── mix
│   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   └── mix_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   └── phoenix
│   │   │   │   │   └── api
│   │   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   │   └── api_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   │   └── live
│   │   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   │   └── live_addon_test.exs
│   │   │   │   │   └── web
│   │   │   │   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   │   │   │   │   └── web_addon_test.exs
```

### 2/ Variant test

> #### 2.1/ Variant

Reviewer: I think we can remove this heading as we only have 2 _major_ variants, being mix and phoenix 🤔 
```suggestion
```

NimbleTemplate supports 4 variants:

- API
- Live
- Web
- Mix

> #### 2.2/ Phoenix project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.1/ Phoenix project
```

> The Phoenix project could be either a Web or API project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Phoenix project could be either a Web, LiveView, or API.
```

> - Web variant supports HTML and Webpack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Web variants support HTML and Webpack configuration.
```

```bash
mix phx.new awesome_project
```

> - LiveView project is including HTML and Webpack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LiveView projects include HTML and Webpack configuration.
```

```bash
mix phx.new awesome_project --live
```

> - API variant does NOT support HTML and Webpack configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API variants do NOT support HTML and Webpack configuration.
```

```bash
mix phx.new awesome_project --no-html --no-webpack
```

> - Custom project variant allow us to modify the app name or module name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom project variants allow us to modify the app name or module name.
```

# Use custom module and app name
mix phx.new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name
```

So it ends up with 6 project types:

Web project
- Standard (`mix phx.new awesome_project`)
- Custom (`mix phx.new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`)

API project
- Standard (`mix phx.new awesome_project --no-html --no-webpack`)
- Custom (`mix phx.new awesome_project --no-html --no-webpack --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`)

LiveView project
- Standard (`mix phx.new awesome_project --live`)
- Custom (`mix phx.new awesome_project --live --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`)

Putting it all together, there are 8 variants of test cases.

- Applying the `API variant` to a `Standard Web project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Custom Web project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Standard API project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Custom API project`
- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Standard Web project`
- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Custom Web project`
- Applying the `Live variant` to a `Standard LiveView project`
- Applying the `Live variant` to a `Custom LiveView project`

> ##### 2.2/ Mix project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.2/ Mix project
```

> ##### 2.2/ Mix project

Reviewer: I'm thinking if we should move this above the Phoenix Project heading since its less content and easier to get through, 
It also aligns with the folder order in the file tree above
What do you think? @byhbt 
![Screen Shot 2021-12-23 at 4 16 01 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34730459/147217817-885ef41b-4bd2-4fc2-b735-0ff33d0d411b.png)

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/135/commits/7b22627a60bacd5e4bdf4657edcce6367798693e

> The Mix project could be either a Standard project or a Custom project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Mix project could be either a Standard project or a Custom project.
```

- `mix new awesome_project`
- `mix new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName`
- `mix new awesome_project --app=custom_otp_app_name`
- `mix new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`

> Each project could be included the `supervision tree` or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each project could include a `supervision tree`.
```

- `mix new awesome_project`
- `mix new awesome_project --sup`
- `mix new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`
- `mix new awesome_project --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name --sup`

> Putting it all together, it has 4 variant test cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding it all together, totals to 4 variant test cases.
```

- API project is NOT including HTML and Webpack configuration, which was generated by `mix phx.new AppName --no-html --no-webpack`.

Aside from that, it could also be a Custom project, which contains the custom OTP app name or custom module name.

- `mix phx.new AppName --module=CustomModuleName`
- `mix phx.new AppName --app=custom_otp_app_name`
- `mix phx.new AppName --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`

So it ends up with 4 project types:

- Standard Web project (`mix phx.new AppName`)
- Custom Web project (`mix phx.new AppName --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`)
- Standard API project (`mix phx.new AppName --no-html --no-webpack`)
- Custom API project (`mix phx.new AppName --no-html --no-webpack --module=CustomModuleName --app=custom_otp_app_name`)

Putting it all together, it is 6 variant test cases.

- Applying the `API variant` to a `Standard Web project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Custom Web project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Standard API project`
- Applying the `API variant` to a `Custom API project`
- Applying the `Web variant` to a `Standard Web project`

> - Applying the `Web variant` to a `Custom Web project`

Reviewer 2: I remember on the main README file we have LiveView, could you check the latest README file @byhbt 

```
- Applying the `Live variant` to a `Standard LiveView project`
- Applying the `Live variant` to a `Custom LiveView project`
```

Author: ok, i synced with the latest content from the Repo Readme: https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/135/commits/f9ee816b8de9c4fa7106d45944d69bf25e2ba92b

I have a thought that should we remove the test content from the Repo README.md? 🤔  because we already have it in the wiki. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: We can remove the content from README @byhbt, just need to put a link to WIKI on README file so the people can see that.

eg: 

```
## Project documentation

Most of the documentation locate in the `.github/wiki` directory, which is published to the [project's wiki](https://github.com/xxxxx/wiki).
```

Author: yeah, that's also ok, for now i just put https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/135/commits/116858599297b87ab49d5c5f55c4788c68237759

Maybe we need to refine the README again after we have a Wiki section.

Reviewer 2: I have added a comment https://github.com/nimblehq/elixir-templates/pull/135#discussion_r774311290
